---
layout: post
title:  "From Scratch Series Review "
date:   2022-11-14 02:48:34 -0800
categories: jekyll update
---
One of the recent TV shows that I watched was a show called “Maid” streaming on Netflix. It is part of their original limited series collection and maid is one of their recent ones. It has a total of 8 episodes. 

About the show, it is about a mother (Alex) of a 2-year-old child trying to get out an emotionally abusive marriage all by herself. You might think what’s new about this, yes, it is a known situation but an important one. We hear many stories about people around us, close to us who got out of an abusive relationship but did you ever wonder why they never share about the situation while they are in it? It is because many a times, they themselves are not aware it is happening to them or they chose to deny it. Alex, the lead character has a similar situation and she never realized she was a victim until one night when her instincts tell her to run away with her daughter in middle of night.  Her husband, Sean is a victim of alcoholism which makes him turn into a monster and changes him into a control freak. 

The story is about how she tries to come out of it emotionally and support herself and her daughter financially along the way. She married young, never worked and is completely unaware on how to be independent. There are many challenges that she has to face in the real world in order to provide basic necessities shelter, food and clothing for herself and the baby. Imagine going through all these battles while fighting the hardest thing, her brain. She has to consistently tell herself that there is light at the end of the tunnel even when it feels like her life is just broken into thousand different pieces. Usually in such times, we rely on our family to support us but what happens to those people who come from broken families? Who will they go to for support? If one doesn’t know the answers to these questions, they tend to remain in these toxic relationships for years and only the strong and brave ones try to come out of it. 
These people with no support look towards government and humanity as their last resort. If these two entities can show some compassion and help their situation, I believe that no abuse victim will stay in toxic relationship for long time and suffer losing their character. This series also shows that these entities can drastically change someone’s life and help them stand up again. 

Alex is a very brave and strong character and the one thing that keeps her going is her HOPE for a better future for her daughter. Hope is what keeps us all alive. We need to acknowledge that there are people who are struggling every single day to just survive physically and mentally. We need to remember that such people exist and they are around you. Let’s show compassion to our fellow humans as you never know what they might be going through which will at least ease them for a little bit. This show has taught me be to be grateful for having a stable life, friends and family who support me. I hope that you all can be grateful too. Make sure to watch it and get a strong dose of bravery.
